Georgina A.,8/25/2020,"Toronto, Canada",5,Really amazing place for Karaoke. They didn't have lots of new songs but the were enough songs to still have fun. Well maintained and safe during this time.

Matt W.,2/2/2020,"Toronto, Canada",4,"I've been coming here for years. Major things it has going for it; location, price and song updates. This is right by the Eaton's Center which is pretty much the smack center of downtown Toronto, easy to get to by ttc or a short walk away. The prices are incredibly fair - you pay based on the room size and duration in multiples of hours. For such a clutch location it'd be reasonable to charge a higher price but the value is really good here. Also, song updates - if a song is a new hit or single from an artist you will most likely see it here - albeit it will be the lyrics only version of the video. spanThe cons - only a slight issue with cleanliness. Some rooms are much cleaner than others, but especially on busy nights we've unfortunately had some rooms where there are stains/spills on the floor or couches, most likely from a previous party. The staff are very helpful, respondent and willing to assist, however unfortunately it cuts into the rental time. When there isn't another party booked right after you, they can sometimes add more time but that isn't always the case, especially on weekend nights."

Christine Q.,5/23/2019,"Toronto, Canada",5,"I've been here on multiple occasions with groups of 6 up to 30+ people. Bar + has been my choice for karaoke downtown since 2011. As a person that is constantly involved in choir, I enjoy singing, and I'm acquainted with a lot of people that enjoy singing, too. But even seasoned singers can get nervous in front of strangers, and that's why we opt for the privacy of the karaoke rooms of Bar +.spanFirst off, the location is very convenient for people who spend most of their time downtown and students. It's only steps away from the busy Dundas station, and a reasonable 20 minute walk away from the St. George campus. However, it might be hard to spot the blink-and-you'll-miss-it door to the stairs leading up to the 2nd floor establishment.spanThere is a bar and a waiting area when you enter, so that you can get your liquid courage while you wait for the rest of your party. The beverage and snack prices are not super expensive. They do allow you to order food to be delivered right to your room.spanWhat really sets Bar + apart from other private karaoke bars downtown is how clean it is, and their MASSIVE song collection. I was also happily surprised by the updated tablet system and phone app. The app allows users to bookmark their favorite songs, search by song title and artist, and queue the song directly from the phone to the room via WiFi. No more fighting over the queuing remote! Additionally, they also have a collection of the most recent pop hits in their library, not to mention all the old classics. Finally, all the menus are in English, so finding that perfect song to show off your range will not be a challenge."

Lambert P.,2/12/2018,"Toronto, Canada",4,"Bar + karaoke = fun.  Bar + libations + karaoke = funner.spanSeriously, the times they are a changing.  Just like your quintessential all-you-can-eat made for mass consumption sushi places, the ""book"" is a dinosaur.  It's archaic, legacy, and might as well spell out the prelude to extinction.  spanWhat do I mean by this?  Have you gone to a karaoke place and used the ""book""?  You know where maybe songs are in a quasi-organized alphabetical order by song only, not by artist and there's no real index or way of finding what you're looking for?  Some of these books are big, jumbled and eventually obsolete.  Order by artist?  Perhaps not, perhaps but just like Encyclopedia Britannica,  you're left with a stack of pages of that were printed way back when Lotus 123 was the only spreadsheet program and Microsoft Excel wasn't even at inception.spanWhile karaoke can be considered fun, looking for codes to songs that you can't find because the book is such a hot mess is not.  Just like the AYCE sushi counterpart printed check lists and a pencil are like the Asian Speak and Spells with trying to punch in song codes.  I'll be one to say that F that technology because having a tablet with photos, search, sorting is so much simpler and being literally at your fingertips is superior supreme.  It's the difference between using a hard copy address book and dialing on a rotary phone versus going to your favorites in contacts and simply tapping a name to make a call.spanTablets with a user friendly interface are for the WIN.  Now, if I haven't stressed vehemently enough that I prefer selecting songs by using a tablet let me just come out and say it.  The books, burn them like it's a Handmaid's Tale, like it's the Hunger Games, like it's 1984 because dayummm having a tablet makes me feel like it's 2012 versus 19 something or other when 33rpm meant something.  Oh, Bar + has this by the way which is why I'm completely going off on them having this option.  I like the option can you tell?  Well, can you?spanOnce you go tablet, there's no going back and I seriously mean that.  I can't honestly step into another karaoke place and use that BOOK ever again.  I've been spoiled like my adorable niece and I swear there is simply no going back to the BOOK.  It would be like trying to build the Berlin wall again.  No.  We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together.  Yes, that's a song, a Taylor Swift song no doubt but that wasn't the song I tried to sing.  It was my Favorite Taylor Swift song, Sparks Fly which I learned that I can't mentally or physically go down an octave and that it sounds so much better when she's singing it instead of me.  spanSume D (aka Miss Congeniality) has a VIP card here which she purchased for some completely nominal amount.  This allowed a small group of 4 of us to book a room at Bar + for an hour and half on a weekday (was it a Tuesday?) and it was barely 8 bucks a piece.  Hello, that was such a good deal.  The room we had was well sized for our group and although we had to fiddle a bit with the main system because some songs were much louder than others, overall it wasn't hard to figure out.  That tablet though... it was along the lines of the Star Trek universe where it felt like we were cave man before and now somebody just dropped a Federation piece of technology on us.  The Prime Directive being violated in this instance is acceptable.spanBar + = greater than (can't use those characters here, code you know) *.* karaoke places out there =/= tablets. spanEND"

Dishan W.,3/28/2019,"Brampton, Canada",4,"The go to place for Karaoke in the downtown core, great rooms that range in size to fit small to larger groups. Friendly staff, an unmatched library of songs to choose from, plus reasonably priced drinks.spanI'm not one for public karaoke singing but private rooms, that's the way to go! I enjoy their tech in the room with easy to use tablets. I would prefer a slightly more noise proof-ness on the walls but volumes can be turned down. They allow you to bring outside food in at no cost, I would like their beer menu to be a little bit more extensive, but this is probably the most fun you can have doing anything in the Yonge and Dundas area."

Linda M.,12/1/2018,"Markham, Canada",3,"We've had a few party's here. I like the private rooms and the fact that you can bring your own food. For our group of about 12 people, it was a little tight. The location is a bit of a pain to get to from outside the downtown core if you are driving. We were late because of all the traffic. But once we got there, we had fun.spanThe kareoke song list is pretty good although some of the versions were not the original which was kind of lame. Overall it was an entertaining way to spend an hour or two."

Emily N.,11/12/2018,"San Francisco, CA",4,Came once for my cousins birthday party and we had a blast. Not only were we able to make reservations for our large group but we were able to bring in our own snacks and cake which was a nice touch.spanMusic selection was also strong and included all the favs so everyone had a blast. spanDecor and vibe was modern yet classic karaoke bar. Loved it. Would come back!

Dominic M.,12/5/2018,"Markham, Canada",3,"We have been here for a few parties now. Located at Yonge and Elm can be a pain if your are driving. There is both street and  lot parking on Elm. spanThe entrance isn't immediately evident. Single door with stairs leading to the second floor. A little dingy going up, leading to bar and small seating area. spanRooms will accommodate groups for 10 to 20. Rooms are rented by the hour spanGood list of music to select from. spanLoads of fun. spanLoads"

Siobhan G.,12/1/2018,"Old Toronto, Toronto, Canada",5,"I've been here twice with a large group for a friend's birthday party. She always books the room, so I can't speak to that experience: this review is coming solely as a shy girl showing up to sing.spanSo many pros to this place that make it a superior karaoke experience. First, you get a private room! If you're shy, this is the place you'll let your inner Whitney Houston out. spanSecond, rooms are nice! They have sleek leather seats with the option for ~fancy~ coloured strobe lights that blink to the beat of your song if you wanna get clubby with it! spanThird, you can bring your own snacks and eat to your heart's content so that you have more energy to keep singing! spanFourth, they have a killer catalogue of songs. Never did I think I'd sing an obscure System of a Down song on the same night as a Ludacris jam, but here we are. You get a tablet with all the songs with your room but for the best experience download the app!!spanBeer is on the expensive side, about $6 for a bottle of premium domestic beer. If you come with a group and split the room cost, the room charge is quite reasonable all things considered. The bathrooms are small with 2 stalls in the ladies room; by the end of the night, they can get a lil gross. Overall, this is a solid establishment and I'd definitely recommend it!"

Victor L.,3/19/2018,"Toronto, Canada",4,"Overall a good experience given that we came on the day to get a room for 3 hours. A group of 8 sang to our hearts content and the staff gave us a small room instead since they had no more medium sized rooms. It was a bonus since it ended up being $15 pp (including tip) for the 3 hours and it was perfect size for the group. I did not realize that you can pre-book online as I overheard the staff on the phone asking for a deposit to hold the room.spanSong selection was pretty good with some new songs and others that I never thought any karaoke would have. Definitely, it was better English song selections for us compared to the other ones nearby and uptown. Drinks are extra with a wide selection of pop, beer and mixed drinks.spanInitially, the mic was soft and we had to get the staff to adjust the volume manually. Also, the tablet is easy to use to find the song that you want to sing. I would come back next time if my friends wanna join me."

Carmell B.,4/5/2019,"Toronto, Canada",5,"Great service! Technical difficulties were promptly addressed. Excellent music selection! Although would benefit from more music videos, haha. spanPricey (50-100$ an hour depending on the size of room, small holding 7ppl) but I would definitely return! Thanks Bar+"

Jonathan W.,2/2/2018,"Brampton, Canada",4,"Nice clean place. Fairly well decorated, though if you look closely at the finishes, it's not quite as nice as it initially seems. Regardless, it's a good, comfortable spot.spanGreat sound with the speakers and never had an issue with the mics. About the only technical issue that comes up a little is the change of volume between songs - which can be fairly pronounced at times. That said, I've experienced that everywhere and the volume control is fairly simple.spanSpeaking of the controls, the ipad menu is much easier and faster than the standard Karaoke bibles alongside the 50 button remote. The modern system also seems to allow for more updating, so you'll find a great deal of contemporary hits. For old-school music lovers such as myself, there's still plenty of choices and you'll typically find what you're looking for.spanI haven't ordered from the bar, but there's about 10 choices for beer available at standard rates. I didn't pay attention to the other options - though they are there.spanFrom the pricing, there's about 3 different sized rooms to choose from (and pay for accordingly). One of the rooms almost looked like a mini-lounge that could probably handle 20+ people easily if that's ever in your plans."

Bree K.,6/24/2019,"Old Toronto, Toronto, Canada",5,"Always a good time, love that there's different room sizes to accommodate any size of group"

Cindy T.,3/23/2017,"Brampton, Canada",5,"Had my birthday celebration here and as expected, everything went really well! The large room was much more spacious than I thought - when I told the worker then I will probably have more than 30 people, she reassured me that it will fit everyone comfortably. I had about 35 guests and it fit everyone perfectly! spanJust like my last visit, the songs are also VERY updated!! There was also 2 TVs in the room which was really convenient since there were plenty of people standing, leaving and coming back in. spanBottle service was also really good - the prices are A LOT better than the clubs that I ended up getting 4 bottles right away LOL! My friend even ended up getting another bottle because prices were so good!! spanI also love that Bar+ allows you to bring your own food - my friends went crazy coming back with McDonalds haha. spanHIGHLY recommend as always!!"

Lyle G.,2/22/2019,"Toronto, Canada",4,This place is one of the better Karoake bars in Toronto. They have a pretty extensive playlist and their booths are cozy and intimate for a group of friends. They are quite busy though so I would encourage anyone to book in advance. I also have to state that the microphones can create a lot of unnecessary feedback.

Sana J.,5/7/2018,"Mississauga, Canada",4,"This place is so cute!! Location is kinda sketch on top of a Swiss Chalet lmao but the lady who worked there was so sweet!! Literally the best! I think she was blonde if my memory serves me right. She was so cute. The rooms were nice, not bad, nice couches, the karaoke videos were taken off youtube so that was funny. span1 star off just because I wish they had more songs. Like different cultures  too. Maybe some Bollywood songs would be nice. So yeah, that's the only thing.spanNice that they had mic covers, and the price for the room was so cheap!!! We were only 3 people and the room could fit up to 5 and it was pretty big for a ""small room"". It was only $30 an hour!!! Amazing overall :)"

Maria C.,8/6/2017,"Carlstadt, NJ",1,"I haven't a clue how this place has such rave reviews. I have traveled to all major cities around the world and always venture off to karaoke. This was by far my biggest disappointment. spanI paid double for what I pay in New York City to enjoy an hour and thought to myself ""maybe they have technology or some other extras i haven't seen before"". NOPE. The mics kept cutting in and out, the tablet they use to key in the song selection is delayed and of poor quality, the words displayed on the screen were off beat and there's no way to order service in the room. If you want to order a drink you have to leave the room and order at the bar (taking time away from the expensive hourly rate). 15mins before my session was over there was a huge notification blocking the words on the screen saying ""session will be disabled"". They said it was an error and as I continued during my last song, the same notification came on. Call me dramatic but if I'm in the middle of passionately belting out a song I most likely saved for last because it's my best, couldn't you interrupt me in a less invasive way?"

K B.,7/1/2017,"Mississauga, Canada",5,"Disclaimer: I'm adding all my google reviews to yelp - so this one is from last November.spanHad made a reservation for 3 hrs last night, but we were running a bit late due to some pretty horrendous traffic. Called staff to let them know and they were very cool about it. Service is good, rooms were clean and my friends had a blast. You're also allowed to bring in outside food, so I had a pizza delivered. They also only charged us for 2hrs instead of 3 which I was fully prepared to pay for even though we were an hour late. Good customer service,  would recommend. Thanks for a fun night!"

Kamei M.,7/9/2017,"Vaughan, Canada",1,"Rude host. spanIt was a busy night and we didn't have a reservation.spanIt looked like only one person was working. After waiting a while, we asked the staff how long the wait would  be for a room. spanShe replied ""i need to do other things, You  can wait"" in an annoyed tone.spanWTF kind of service is this."

Gordon L.,6/27/2015,"Markham, Canada",5,This place is awesome in comparison to the karaoke box type locations found uptown in Markham and Scarborough.spanPricing is a huge difference from uptown locations. Most places require you to pay a flat fee of $150-$200 for a room for 5 people. It's $25 here per hour for up to 5 people... So much cheaperspanThe rooms are also nice and spacious and feature disco lights if you choose to turn them on. Song selection is one of the largest I have seen and navigating to find songs is highly intuitive. Songs can be selected from a binder and the 6 digit code is keyed in or you can search from the tablet provided and select songs that way as well. spanSong list is very current and up to date and not just limited to singles that have been released by artists.spanDefinitely coming back here for karaoke. Highly recommended!

Erica D.,8/27/2017,"Toronto, Canada",4,"This was my first time going to a private karaoke place. The room was nice, the fancy red lights were a nice touch. Good selection of songs, but no food for purchase and a limited beer selection. Some of the songs didn't work so well, but we worked around it. 2 hours goes by fast! All in all it was reasonably priced with a big group of people, and pretty fun!"

Lorraine W.,10/13/2018,"Old Toronto, Toronto, Canada",5,This place I found to be of great value per hour. The equipment is easy to use and the staff were on hand to help out. Good variety of drinks at the bar also

Maurício C.,8/27/2017,"Old Toronto, Toronto, Canada",4,"First time coming here, and i had a blast! The atmosphere was really good, and they have a great selection of songs. spanThey do not have a huge selection of drinks nor food though."

Brianna H.,9/16/2018,"Chicago, IL",4,"This place reminds me of the karaoke spot back at home in Chicago No.18 karaoke except this place had new update playlist. Prepare yourself for the flight of stairs you have to walk up to get to the entrance though. It's quite a workout. You have options of what size room you want and there are different prices depending on the room size per hour. They have a iPad in the room that has all the songs available which you can choose by artist, song , and genre to rock the best song for your performance. They also have a full bar as well and kitchen if you get hungry. I had the butterfly shrimp and they were really good. I think I spent almost $9 for them which isn't too bad. The place is pretty small and they do accept reservations so it's best to have one"

Alif S.,6/10/2018,"Scarborough, Toronto, Canada",3,It's alright if you're just going to karaoke but I'm almost certain that they water down their drinks (which are also weirdly expensive).

Alina M.,8/14/2015,"Markham, Canada",4,"It's on the second floor, so you'll need to take a flight of stairs up to the karaoke and the entrance is pretty hidden as well. $25 per hour for a room of up to 5 people which is a fairly good deal. There is a wide variety of songs, and it seemed like there was also a karaoke box with just Korean songs. So, if that's your thing, I'm sure you could ask them to set that Korean song box up for you instead. Otherwise, there is a fairly extensive selection of English/typical songs.spanIt opens at 3pm, but don't expect to be able to go in and start then, since they need to set up and get the system running. We came on a Friday afternoon, and there was one other group there when we left after 2 hours, so it's not that busy during the afternoons/early evenings."

Brandon C.,4/12/2015,"Toronto, Canada",4,"This is the place for karaoke. Tucked between the McDonald's and Swiss Chalet at 360 Yonge Street, Bar + Karaoke is up a short flight of stairs.spanBe sure to make reservations on the weekends. The place gets busy.spanWhen you arrive, there is a nice bar/waiting area. They serve cheaper-mid-priced cocktails and beers.spanService is excellent.spanThey have all the latest songs available, as well as hundreds of classics.spanWith the exception of shrooms that could be a bit cleaner, the place is a lot of fun."

Britannie E.,8/28/2018,"Miami, FL",5,"SO MUCH FUN AND SO AMAZING! I sang my little heart out for like 4 hours. The best part is, if your friends are shy, you have a private room to yourself. You can purchase the room for different amounts of time, and they bring your drinks right to your room. All you have to do is press the little bun on inside for service. I was extremely impressed. The best part is that they're open late!"

Philip C.,4/21/2017,"North York, Toronto, Canada",1,"This place said they would be free at 12 am. When we called again, they gave us an ""estimation"" that our room would be free at 1. This service was not very professional! We came for for a birthday party and were given terrible service!"

Anniie P.,3/29/2018,"Old Toronto, Toronto, Canada",4,I love coming here when I want to spend alittle more on singing all night. They charge $30 for a small room per hour. The only reason I come here is because their songs are up to date. Probably the only place to sing some SZA or Khalid. They also have an app so it's easier to queue songs and find out if they have that one song you want to sing.  Service is alright and they take cash and card

Jillian L.,7/1/2018,"Winnipeg, Canada",5,"Service was great! Friendly and helpful staff! Great vibe, fun for small and large groups. This was our first karaoke bar, and it was super fun! I would go again when I'm back in the city!"

Jahtavia R.,6/8/2018,"Newmarket, Canada",4,"It was a wait, but that's what happens when you go to a popular place without a reservation. My suggestion, know who's going and call before hand!"

Karen L.,6/30/2014,"Toronto, Canada",4,"I love singing to 80s music.  I love singing Madonna hits from the 90s.  I love karaoke!spanWhy is it that everyone I know dislikes karaoke?  I need new friends.  spanThis time around, I organized my own Birthday Karaoke Bash!  I've never done this before but I figured, hey, this is what I wanna do!  spanWhether people sang or not, it was a great room with a big table in the middle for snacks (you can bring your own food) and drinking games.  Something for everyone!spanBar+ has their own app allowing you to search and save your favourite songs and then queue them instantaneously from your phone!  So cool!  So awesome!  spanIn the main area, there's a full bar with a snack menu so you can step out of your room, get a drink, and not have to listen to your friends massacre your favourite radio tunes.spanThere are 3 room sizes available and the hourly rates are reasonable for what you get. spanYou might want to reserve a room to guarantee a spot.  Upon leaving at 1am, there were groups of people just coming in!  spanThis is definitely a popular destination.  spanI'm a fan for sure!"

Jason M.,12/22/2016,"Richmond Hill, Canada",5,"My favorite karaoke place. Such a pity that it's downtown and not uptown. VERY, VERY updated song selection with a giant library of songs. Like they've got whole albums for artists (pretty much unheard of at most ktv joints). Service is incredible and they are pretty lax on bringing in items from other establishments like a tim hortons coffee. Reservations beforehand are a must if you plan to go here at night.spanInstead of a minimum flat rate room charge, they charge you by the hour here. So it's much cheaper than other places if you dnt plan on staying for a whole night until closing time."

Emily C.,4/22/2016,"Toronto, Canada",5,"Gotta say, I came here with friends after reading all the reviews raving about it, and it is a GREAT karaoke place. The rooms are very clean and spacious and comfortable. They don't look as sketchy and run down as some of the places on Koreatown. They also have a lot of rooms. There are 2 long hallways with a wide range of rooms.spanThe prices are pretty fair. We called in advance and asked if we could fit more than 5 people in a small room and they said they could fit 7 at most, which was great since we could split the price of a small room between 7 people.spanThe song list is great. They have a lot of current songs and even some lesser known songs which I wasn't expecting them to have, to be honest. They also have these cute disposable covers that you can put on the mic if you don't trust where it's been. ;)spanThe service here is also pretty nice. They are all pretty friendly and polite and speak English.spanWould definitely recommend this karaoke place to anyone who can't sing Korean songs and would like a wider range of English songs."

O C.,7/9/2017,"Vaughan, Canada",1,"First time coming here, read all the rave reviews, and unfortunately what stopped us from having a fun night was the service from the lady at the cash. She was snobby and didn't want to serve us. We asked how long the wait would be for a small room, and she told us flat out that she had stuff to do and said we can wait (in a tone that sounded like we were not on her priority of things to attend to). It was a simple question and she didn't answer even that. It would have been a 45 minute wait had I not overheard her talking to another customer. This place does not value customer's time or service. I do not suggest coming here on a whim/walk in."

Lynn S.,10/29/2016,"Rochester, NY",4,"Have come to this karaoke place twice, one for my bachelorette and the other with my husband. What I like about this place is the location, spacious rooms, service and affordable rates. Very accessible from Dundas station. For the smaller rooms starting at $25/hour, who can beat that price. Service for my bachelorette during the afternoon was great. The server messed up on our drinks so he gave us a round of complimentary shots on the house! One star off would be the tablets in that they are hard to navigate at first and some the videos don't have enough of the background vocals so unless you know the song very well, it might be hard to sing the tune on your own. But I guess that makes for bad karaoke!"

Dean W.,9/18/2016,"Toronto, Canada",4,"I have been using Bar+ every year as my birthday venue for the last five years. I found it just looking for a place online and it was well reviewed, so I gave it a try and my friends and I loved it. If you're having a party, they're OK with you bringing cakes, as long as you don't bring drinks.spanI love their song selection, and I like how they have an app that lets you queue up songs without those remotes. Love the search feature as well, by artist or by title.spanThe chairs/couches are often sticky, the food is expensive (but normal for bars) and about what you'd expect from a place where food is not the focus. This is really the only thing keeping it from being 5 stars in my mind. Plan to get food before or after you sing your brains out.spanThe service is prompt and the staff respects your privacy, only coming when bringing orders or when letting you know your time is almost up."

Sara K. P.,1/14/2013,"Toronto, Canada",5,"This place is SUPER FUN!!!spanCame here for the first time for a karaoke unofficial Yelp event put together by the fab Laura CT and have to say it was très entertaining! span Considering the last time I did karaoke was in my cousin's basement (and fyi we kept singing Creep by Radiohead?? which is a painful song to sing karaoke style)spanBar + was a phenomenal step up from my relatives' fobby karaoke cave.   spanWe we're fortunate enough to have the generous sized room #1 which was pimped out with two large screen TV's, accent LED lighting and wrap around leatherette seating, and could easily put any peeler joint VIP room to shame, oh and btw spanyoutube.com/watch?v=j9yB…span  At one point it got pretty hot in the room (because of the large capacity of people, about 20+) but the air con/circulation soon made things just right.spanThe selection of music here at Bar+ Lounge is staggering and best of all you can download an app for both Android and Iphone and have your favorite songs cued to the room.  My one complaint is that Bar+ needs to add Snoop Dog's span""ain't nuthin' but a G thang"" to their repertoire, it's a must have Snoop Dog tune imo.  There is also a kick ass selection of Asian songs too....Yay team FOB!!!spanSomething I would like to add is that more mics for larger groups like ours would be nice as I'm sure the 2 Mics we had, did accumulate a good showering of saliva from our amateur singing/spit shower and more Light-up tambourines would be awesome too(i loved those things!!!)spanThe Highlight of our night had to be our CM's singing the Barbie song in gender role reversal and the sight of Bobby N's horrified reaction to seeing the ACTUAL lyrics of misogynistic rap tunes spelled out onscreen in all it's innuendoed glory ....good times!!!spanSweet Tip:  Do yourself a BIG favour and cue up G'n'R's ""Sweet Child 'O' Mine"" just to watch the 90's soft porn video accompaniment for shits and giggles, you'll thank me later.  spanP.s. To Justin, Whitney (rip), Axel and Bon Jovi, if your ears were ringing last Friday, yeah that was me bastardizing the shit outta your songs, get over it!spanOh Bar Plus Karaoke, you're so very special...so fucking special...and I'm a shitty singer outside of the shower apparently."

Christopher Z.,11/26/2016,"Toronto, Canada",5,"I've been going to karaoke ever since I was little with my parents in Asia, so these Asian-style karaoke venues were what I always considered to be ""karaoke"" but I realized that here in Canada people often assume karaoke is done in public in front of an audience at a bar or a pub which I actually think is kinda unnerving. Asian karaoke is usually in private rooms with just your friends, and you'll find that with enough encouragement and a bit of alcohol, most people will come out of their shells and join in on the singing. It's a great way to bond. spanAs a karaoke enthusiast this is my go-to karaoke place in downtown Toronto. This is pretty much the only one you'll find near the Eaton Centre as all the other ones are clustered by Chinatown and Koreatown. The pricing system for Chinese and Korean karaokes typically differ in that Chinese ones usually require you to spend a minimum price on drinks and food depending on the size of the room while you essentially get the room for ""free"". Korean karaoke pricing system is usually just by the hour and there's no requirement for you to purchase drinks or food. If you're going to order a lot of drinks and/or food anyway and if you plan on singing for a very long time then you'll likely save money going to Chinatown, but I've always preferred the Korean karaoke system over the Chinese karaoke system as the Korean system typically has a better selection of English songs (and Korean and Japanese songs) while the Chinese karaoke system has a wider selection of Chinese songs.spanBar+ is one of the few karaoke establishments aside from Twister at Yonge & Finch that actually utilizes a dual system. They usually default you to the English karaoke system but you can actually switch to the Korean system with a simple switch. You'll have to ask for the remote for the other system, but it's perfect for me because I like to sing a bunch of songs in different languages and while the English system does have a few Asian songs here and there, the Korean system has a much wider selection of Asian songs. It is a good way to balance both and it's probably Bar+'s biggest advantage over the other systems.spanThe service here is actually quite good considering it is a karaoke joint. Usually Asian karaoke places have sort of a meh vibe when it comes to service, but this one is quite friendly while also being efficient. Drinks always come. Food always come. We always get what we ordered and they always come when we call for help. This doesn't always happen at other karaoke places because they tend to be understaffed and honestly sometimes a bit lazy (working in such a loud environment with very drunk people for prolonged periods can be draining I'm sure), but this venue has no such issues.spanThe prices of the drinks and food are fair and what you'd expect to pay at any other bar, and it's even cheaper with their VIP card on weekdays. It's worth getting the VIP card if you plan on going to karaoke on a weekday, as the card gets you 50% off the room rate and a bit of a discount on food and drinks. Not very useful for the weekend, but these days this place has become so popular that if you come here without a reservation on a weekend, you likely won't get a room. They do not take reservations for small rooms but they do get taken fairly quickly.spanThe sound system is average, and the walls are quite thin but these are fairly minor points for me as you can only expect so much in a fairly small venue. Because the rooms tend to be a bit smaller, there is often an audio feedback issue but you can easily solve that by changing your position. Sometimes the songs are just the music videos and not actually karaoke (you can't turn off the original vocals), but this only happens for a few songs and it's a common issue in a lot of other karaoke joints. Overall I'm just appreciative to be able to go a decent karaoke place in walking distance from my house and I'm sure with the lack of space in downtown Toronto, Bar+ will be the place to go for quite some time."

Cam K.,12/15/2015,"Toronto, Canada",4,"Loving this place! I love karaoke and have been to several private room places like this around town, and so far this is my favourite. spanPros: Very clean and comfortable rooms, good prices, lots of seating, temperature controlled, properly working mics and mic covers are provided for sanitary reasons, easy to use song programmer and software, large song selection, good customer service, cheap drinks compared to other karaoke places, and they allow you to pay for your drinks at the bar rather than just charge it all to the room. So many times I've gone to a karaoke bar and we reach the end of the night, several drinks in, and suddenly we have to do all this math and are stuck trying to untangle a large complicated bill between 10-15 people, but didn't have that problem here. Very convenient, and I had a great time!spanCons: Some of the songs were paced awkwardly or had incorrect lyrics but this was very rare compared to other similar karaoke places around town. Next, the long, narrow stairway that you have to climb to get in was a little daunting, and I'm guessing this place doesn't cater to accessibility needs. And the only other con, this place is soooo busy, that it was packed on a Tuesday evening... If you want to go here on the weekend with a large group, reserve far in advance!"

Anna N.,11/18/2014,"Toronto, Canada",4,"This place is truly amazing. From a customer service standpoint, the folks at Bar+ hit it out of the park time and time again. The servers were awesome and even had a surprisingly amazing sense of humor when one of our wildly inebriated singers decided to go in for a lil' dry hump whilst singing when one of the servers came in to clean the glasses/bottles (so sorry again dude!!)spanThe set up: My boo thang was turning 30. For his 29th birthday...he went to a shooting range. And here I was, a year later, racking my brain for something equally stellar to impress his friends. Since 90% of his friends are functional alcoholics I immediately realized what I had to do; Invite 20 of them into a private room with disco lights, pump them full of booze and let them express themselves through song.spanBar+ is really great with communication, I sent multiple e-mails about various noob inquires (they allow you to bring your own food!) and someone always responded with a day with all the relevant information I asked for. If you want the bigger rooms on the weekend (I got the Mirage Room - the one with the red couches), it's best if you arrange that a month ahead, as those fill up quickly with bookings. They took my credit card info to secure the booking (fun fact, if you're a no show to your reservation, they will charge your card 1/4 of the price you booked it for - but they make that pretty clear on their website and through e-mails.)spanThe big night: So, I thought we were going to be 30 minutes late, so I called an hour before to notify them, and they were super cool and moved the reservation back half an hour. BUT, we end up showing up on time, and Bar+ still proceeds to be cool and show us to our room at 9 PM. They give us a very quick run down of how their karaoke system works, their song catalog is numbered, you input your song number through the remote control and bam. HOWEVER, we wanted to sing a Neil Young Song, and after multiple attempts of putting in THE EXACT NUMBER AS LISTED, the song that played was...'My Humps' by the Black Eyed Peas :(spanThe only thing I'd say was a little lacking was the bottle service, it's really really basic and the selection is small, you get your bottle of booze and then 1 small pitcher of your soda of choice. And the pitcher is not nearly enough to mix even STRONG drinks, so I ended up ordering 2 pitchers of soda per bottle of booze.spanBut at the end of the night, everyone had such a blast and some folks didn't even want to leave! The stragglers decided on our final group song (Friday I'm in Love) And everyone peaced it home after a legendary night of sing songs!"

Amber B.,12/16/2014,"Thunder Bay, Canada",4,"This place is fun!span+ Decent pricesspan+ I actually love the menu, especially the creative shots. The cheesecake shot is my favouritespan+ Really wide song selectionspan+ All different kinds of rooms you can book of varying sizesspan+ Staff seem pretty nice, I've been a couple of times and have never had a problem with anyone!span+ Button in the room if you need someone to come and help youspan+ Decent setup.. Comfy seats!span- Rooms aren't too soundproof, you can hear others in other roomsspan- Sometimes the remote is difficult to workspanI would go back, I had a great time here, more than once!"

Mariko M.,1/13/2013,"Toronto, Canada",5,"Great selection of songs; it's really cool that you can line up your favorite songs from a Smart Phone. My phone is a shotty BlackBerry that I've had since uni so I could only watch others in envy as they whipped out their iPhones and chose songs.spanThe bar selection was reasonably priced for Toronto standards; Corona and Bud Lite Lime were both around $7. The room must have been reasonable as well as I paid $10 for the four hours that we were here.spanLocation is convenient. B+K is on the second floor; get off at College Station and it's on the west side of Yonge, south of Gerrard.spanBar + Karaoke Lounge = 5 Stars"

Anita S.,9/12/2015,"Toronto, Canada",3,"Came here for a bday celebration and honestly was quite different than I was expecting it to be. spanIt is located on top of the Swiss Chalet on yonge street, kinda a narrow, short staircase that takes you up to the place. Once up there, it was literally a hallway full of about 16 rooms that can be booked for karaoke parties  In the ""lobby"" area, I guess that's what you'd call it, was the bar where you could order drinks and pay for your room. spanThat is precisely what threw me off! I went in there expecting it to be a large, open area where guests take turns going up ro a mic and sing in front of strangers. However, here, you are allowed to simply sing in front of people you are comfortable with, which I guess is nice.spanWe had the room booked for 2 hours and got to sing through a wide variety of songs~ wasn't expecting such a grand list to choose from, old and new stuff!  So bonus points for that  spanAbout half way through,  ordered some drinks....the bartender recommended I get a dissorono sour which was ammmaaaziinngg!!! Gotta try and make that at home haha! It was $6.50. spanWhen our time was done, a message appeared on the screen directing us to head to the lobby and pay. It was a nice night however, I am not the type of person who is comfortable singing in front of others,  so I mostly sat and enjoyed watching others sing. I had an okay time, but I could tell everyone else who was singing really enjoyed themselves!  spanSo in conclusion,  if you're interested in actually participating, enjoying a few what I would list as reasonably priced drinks from a bar, and paying a cheap amount to book the room with a bunch of friends - I would recommend this place. It's in a core area of the city too! I personally don't enjoy karaoke, which is why I gave it 3 stars...."

Timothy L.,5/31/2017,"Concord, Vaughan, Canada",5,Great karaoke joint with a good selection of really up-to-date music (including Japanese and English songs). The rate is not bad and the service is always really good. Friends broke some shot glasses and even puked the last time I was there and they were really understanding. Overall recommend for your karaoke fix if you're in the downtown core!

Mursall A.,8/11/2018,"York, Toronto, Canada",4,The small room was a great size. Very clean and modern. However the service there is very slow. When I walked in with my friends there was no staff present. Took 7 minutes until someone showed up.

Abbas N.,8/21/2012,"Richmond Hill, Canada",3,"My friends and I came here a while ago for a birthday. Poor guy doesn't drink, so we ended up here.spanIt was a lot better than I expected. Going up the stairs next to sketchy mcsketch swiss chalet and across from the rippers, we went. spanI was already drinking alot before I went in, so maybe my review loves it more than I should've but..span1. The shit's cheap. BOTTOM LINE. I thought it was going to be mroe expensive. Drinks were cheap. The room was like 25 dollars? What. span2. I was drunk, so I was obviously yelling and screaming and dancing into the mic. It was awesome.spanThis place was great.spanI'm only rating it three stars, because let's get frank. It was Karaoke. Not a bar.spanI am not an alcoholic."

Elaine K.,1/15/2013,"Markham, Canada",4,"I've been here twice and both times have had a ridiculously good time!spanThey have really amazing rooms to rent out, a pretty good list of songs and a really awesome smartphone app that makes choosing songs a breeze (no more of that annoying typing in codes on remote controls that barely work.) I only with they had a larger variety of new rock/alternative/punk songs.spanService was very friendly but for the first hour or so, they only had one person checking in people, taking reservations/phone calls and tending bar. We didn't have to wait too long for anything, but it seemed kind of strange. Drinks were also a bit pricey. $5.50 for a bottle of bud, $6 for bar rail. Not bank breaking, but considering some may need some liquid courage, it can rack up.spanWe have an absolute blast! We've already made plans to return!"

Chrissy W.,9/30/2014,"Cambridge, Canada",3,"First time at a Karaoke place as not a lot of my friends are into that kind thing.spanI like the private rooms idea as most people are pretty shy.spanVery good selection of songs however I was very surprised that they didn't have a lot of variety of different artists.spanA lot of artists had like 1 or 2 songs.spanand I couldn't even find a couple I searched for.spanI didn't buy any drinks but I hear they were good from my friends.spanOverall it was a fun place, but could use some updating on software and song selection."

Joanna P.,5/10/2014,"Toronto, Canada",5,"Ok went to a karaoke bar before this one which was horrible for customer service so my friend and I decided to try this place out. At first I have to say I was kind if put off when they said they had an hour wait for rooms and you couldn't make a reservation over the phone however we both thought we'd give it a go anyways. Im so glad we changed our mindsspanInside was nicely decorated and we found we only waited like 20 mins to get a small room . The girl was very good at instructing us on how to operate the machine and they had a ridiculously large amounts of song in English and Korean and Japanese. I mean they had all my favourite Japanese hits from when I was younger. I was shocked. spanThe drinks were good. Pretty much standard pricing you'd find at any bar and the added bonus for this place was you could bring in outside food. The rooms themselves were colourfully lit with disco balls and the couches were not as plush as I would have like but they did not detract from the fun what so ever. spanIf I haven't mentioned already, the customer service was fantastic. Super helpful and informative. We were only planning to stay an hour but ended up staying two hours. As we were leaving we were already planning to come back next week and for my birthday.spanIf you've never been to this place or if you've never tried karaoke before , this is the place you want your first experience at . Enjoy everyone :)"

Jon C.,2/7/2017,"Toronto, Canada",5,Very friendly staff and a wide selection of songs. I'm the future I'm going to pay for multiple hours though because the charges added up quite a bit when we decided to stay 3 hours instead of on because we were having so much fun

Denise S.,1/23/2012,"Toronto, Canada",5,"I've been back here a number of times and discovered 2 more things that make this place the best karaoke bar in the T-dot:span- There is a free APP for your smartphone (just search ""bar plus karaoke"") so you can search for songs by title or artist right from your phone, which is way faster than flipping through binders. It also allows you to make a list of ""favourites"", so you don't have to find them again next time. span- For $15 you can buy a VIP membership for 1 year that gets you 50% off rooms on Monday-Thursday and on weekends you get discounts at the bar. There are also discounts for your birthday. Worth it if you come here often! spanI like me a place that caters to the hardcore karaoke addicts:P"

Angie L.,4/8/2013,"North York, Canada",5,"Modern, spacious, clean roomsspanFair pricesspanEXCELLENT SERVICE (been here a gazillion times)spanQuality sound systemsspanAnd hugely important... AMAZINGLY vast and up-to-date song selection!spanDid I mention you can search and queue songs from your phone? What more can you ask for!?spanYou can download the app at spanbar-plus.com/mobilespan(Must get room code from your server... They also have wifi)"

H. Q.,7/13/2016,"Boston, MA",5,This place has really great service and decent prices for drinks and karaoke considering the downtown location.  The tech they used for karaoke was extremely up to date and easy to use.  I would come back here if I'm in Toronto again.

Saniya S.,7/16/2014,"Brampton, Canada",4,"Bar plus made my first karaoke experience great! spanThe place was nicely decorated and the staff was super friendly, they let us use a smaller rooms for 4 people max even though it was 5 of us. spanI was worried they wouldn't have ""my type"" of music but they literally had everything! They had most of the new releases as well which surprised me. We didn't know about downloading the app then so flipping through the book got a bit annoying (they should invest in ipads for their rooms!) But next time, I will definitely download the app.spanI liked how the rooms were decorated and private! Perfect for parties and those who don't like singing infront of strangers. They weren't sound proof so as you walked past the rooms you could hear everything (not a big deal for me)"

Eva B.,6/22/2014,"Markham, Canada",4,"Location: Located on Yonge St just south of Gerrard (across from XTC, Zanzibar etc). It's on the upper level, the door is right under the SWISS CHALET sign. Parking available just west on Gerrard (about a minute walk around the corner).spanQuality and Price: Room rates on right on their website, but it works out to be very reasonable.Rooms are clean and modern but the sound quality in the room was poor. You can hear people singing from the rooms next to you.  Music selection was great. Two books listing songs by artist or by title. At the end of both books, there are pages available that tell you what songs were recently added. Bar + also has an app to help you locate songs.spanOne peeve was that songs were listed multiple times without indication if lyrics were provided or if it was just the music video. There should be some sort of key/legend to help set that apart. Two mics were provided and each mic has its own disposable hygienic cover (I loved this), looks like a cute mic shower cap hahaha.spanService: Waited an hour for a small room (which is not available for reservation Friday and weekends). There is a bar available for drinks while you wait and priced reasonably. We did not order food so I can't review there. spanOverall: I really had a great time at Bar Plus and would return in the future. spanMost of the reviews on Yelp are accurate. I would say Ivan N. 2/23/2014's review was the closest to what I experienced as well."

Cristina Y.,11/18/2017,"Scarborough, Toronto, Canada",1,"The worst customer service I've ever experienced. First we called to ask the approximate wait time and the guy on the phone would not tell me for some reason so we had to risk getting there and waiting who knows how long for a room. When we got there the first thing the girl says to me was ""hello? do you have a reservation?"" I replied ""no we don't, your website says you don't take reservations on weekends(for small rooms)"" and she replies in an incredibly rude voice basically screaming at us ""well...I don't know who you are! so you need to come over here!"" What kind of customer service is this?? I find this incredibly unnecessary and just plain rude, ALSO I WOULD LIKE TO ADD I HAD TO TIP THIS GIRL FOR BEING DISRESPECTFUL AND RUDE AND THEY ALSO OVERCHARGED US. I would not recommend going there unless you don't mind paying EXTRA money to be screamed at and treated like shit. :)"

Elisa L.,9/1/2011,"New York, NY",5,"I came here with some of my coworkers on a Friday night. It was a group of 10. We did not make reservations, but we still got a nice and spacious room.spanFirst of all, this place is really classy, very nicely decorated. As the name suggests, it is a lounge. They have a waiting area with very nice couches, and several rooms available. spanTheir music selection is very large. I believe they are Chinese owned, they have a large selection of CJK music, along with a large selection of English music. They have a lot of oldies, and recent music, too. They update their list every month. However, there were a few songs that they surprisingly did not have, but if you're one for music, you'll never run out of songs to sing here.spanIn terms of sound quality - very good. It's adjustable to add/remove echo, add/remove voiceover, etc. Their system is also pretty straight forward to use. Although, when a video is being played, we were left to look at a tiny tiny monitor to skim through songs (most karaoke places use a TV). They provide 2 large song books sorted by song name. You can also go on their website via smartphone to look at their song list. You can search by song or artist name. Lots of people in our group found this method much easier and convenient. You can also use Bar+'s Wifi, although it's not that strong if you have a room farther from the Bar area.spanThey have a full bar. They don't serve drinks to you, you have to go up to buy the drinks yourself (which is smart, the bill is easier to figure out that way). They have a large variety of drinks, decently priced. There are also some standard snack foods (fries, nuggets, chicken wings). They also allow you to bring food from outside, due to their lack of variety. spanThe service was great. There's a service call button on the remote, and the guy at the bar took care of us nicely. We were there for about 4 hours, and enjoyed every bit of it. spanBar+ is very well maintained. The washrooms are in amazing condition, the rooms and bar area have a good atmosphere, the service is great, what a perfect place to do karaoke with friends."

Thinh P.,9/23/2016,"Toronto, Canada",5,"great karaoke place, clean good staff and they have very updated songs span5/5 stars"

Janna S.,6/15/2011,"North York, Canada",5,This place is easily one of the most fun destinations downtown!  I second Lauren's appreciation of the cheesy video montages that accompany the videos here; it's really half the fun of singing hits of yeasteryear.spanI was really impressed by the condition and service of this place. Everything is sparkling clean and the bar selection is great. Service was very friendly and quick. I love that there is space to dance around whilst badly belting out tunes. Keep your friends distracted by your mad moves in cases where your voice fails!spanI definitely need to come back here! I'm also praying for a Yelp event here....SOON. Hint...hint

Juliana H.,11/3/2011,"Toronto, Canada",5,"Hells yes!!!  Not only am I down with the place for the beautiful decor (tee hee, but seriously, it beats the hell out of most karaoke places I've been to) BUT for its fantastic six beers and chicken tenders with fries deal.  If you're already well on your way to inebriation, that's a discount way to enjoy more alcohol plus share the greasy splendor of this basket of eats.  And when you cost it out, the food is pretty much free.  Check the menu... you'll see I'm right.  spanNow down to more specifics.  The people running Bar Plus have always been very accommodating.  If we have issues with a certain room and or the equipment in said room, they move us no problem.  If they aren't too busy, they've automatically given us a better room for no extra money.  When we've booked a couple hours but decided to stay longer, even when they are busy, they have managed to grant our request.  Also, we've never had a problem here with them overcharging when we'd agreed on a price.  I can't say that for every karaoke place.spanIn regards to tune selection, it's pretty solid.  I'll admit that I prefer searching my song selection on line on their website and jotting down the numbers for future use instead of routing through their songbooks and wasting precious singing time.  This is something I would also recommend because not all songbooks are completely updated, and if you really have your heart set on a particular new hit, you may not find it in the books but it well may still be available if you check on line.spanAll in all, I have enjoyed each one of my adventures at Bar Plus and I'd recommend it to any other karaoke fan."

Rach N.,3/28/2014,"Toronto, Canada",5,"First time doing karaoke and had a blast here! Call a a few days to a week ahead to make a reservation for the right size room. Our room was had a wrap around leather seating which was a bit big for our group of 15 people. It was freezing at first but they adjusted the temperature for us or we warmed up with singing. We had it booked for 2 hrs but ended up staying for 3 hrs! The cost to book the room seemed reasonable but I haven't been to other karaoke places. spanThe waiting area is small but you can order a drink and here's seating for 5-6.  If you're waiting for a lot of people, book a start time for 30 min later so you're not paying for time you're just waiting (& not singing). spanThe food is average and consists of chicken fingers and fries. Good variety of drinks to select from although sometimes you had to go to the main bar to order them. spanMusic selection for English songs was decent and you could download the song directory app (free wifi, follow steps on sheet) as the book was hard to go through. And you need one sober person to learn how to use the karaoke machine if you're a newbie! spanThere was a large screen in the front and a smaller screen/tv in the back of the room and both had the words. You get 2 cordless mics. And they let you dance on the tables if you want to. spanWe all had such a great time and still talk about it!"

Robyn P.,10/1/2013,"Brampton, Canada",5,"Bar+ Karaoke Lounge is a wonderful place to get your karaoke on! If you are like me and prefer to sing in front of friends/family instead of strangers, this place is for you. All rooms are spacious and comfortable, song selection and sound quality are top notch. spanPrices are fair and the staff are great.spanI have been here three times and all were for birthday events. I called a head of time and asked the staff if they would allow us to bring in our own birthday cake, which they did. Plus- I dropped it off before our schedule time (we were having dinner first then karaoke) and they kept it in the freezer (ice cream cake the first time, regular cake the 2nd & 3rd) and we were allowed to get it half way in between our session (and then they took it back and put it in the freezer when we wanted to continue the remaining time of our session) spanAll in all I would definitely go back here, I had such good experiences, this place is really cool."

Edwin A.,3/4/2013,"Toronto, Canada",5,"5 starsspanNot a karaoke regular, so don't know what's to be expected.  But must say we had no difficulties getting up and running and having a good time belting out the songs that Fri night.spanWhat I liked:spangreat up to date selections of English songs to choose from with accompanying lyrics! spanclean and spacious rooms with light dimmers spanvery reasonable cost spansound system was kicking spaneasy to use song selection systemspanapp available for queuing in advance spanNo technical problems at all during the whole night!spana bar for alcoholic and non/alcohol drinksspandurable micsspanconvenient location just a block North of Yonge + DundasspanWhat I didn't like:spanthose wine glasses are cheap, one fall and they are done for. spanthey took a long while to come after we called for clean upspanSpecial thanks to Laura C. for arranging the get together, I had a blast, and also getting us a super deal on the room too!"

Nic T.,10/31/2015,"Waterloo, Canada",4,"The song selection is great, and very new. I'm surprised they even have songs that are released in the past month! Renovation is modern and clean. The equipment is high tech, especially the request song by iPhone app... Though the service speed is quite slow. Often it takes 5 minutes for the server to come by after requesting for service... Other than that, I have no complaints..."

Robin B.,1/24/2016,"Union, NJ",4,I never had their food or drinks but they have a wonderful selection of music and it is always being updated. For 8 ppl we spent 10-11 bucks per person for 2 and a half hrs. The rooms are a little crowded mainly the table is what takes up so much space so beware other than that there is fun to be had!

Jeffrey J.,10/20/2015,"Kettleby, Canada",5,I've been to this venue twice and both times my friends and I really enjoyed ourselves. The price is reasonable and the karaoke selection is out of this world. They had songs I never thought they'd have when searching for songs. You can also use the app to search for songs so you don't need to keep flipping through pages in a karaoke book. I would 100% recommend this place. The staff members also let you order in your own food from outside anywhere.

Amanda H.,11/6/2015,"Colborne, Canada",4,Lots of fun. Great song selection and a great price. A wonderful  way to spend an evening with friends.

Kathy H.,1/15/2013,Hong Kong,4,"Thank you Laura C for the amazing UYE!!!! It was so much fun, everyone was sooooooooooo awesome. I heard lots of great voices that night, excuse mine because I just recovered from a cold and only sang man songs. Thank you all for the good times!spanBar + Karaoke (aka Bar Plus) is a tiny door beside Swiss Chalet, venture up the stairs to find this place. Each person paid just $10, plus beers and food. We were there from 7 until 11, our party was a maximum of 21 people, we were in one of the bigger rooms with lots of comfortable distance between seating. Lots of leg room, lots of running around. Two mikes, two screens (so the stage/front performers can see lyrics on the back screen and still face the audience!), and neon flashing lights!!!!spanLaura was the expert in operating the remote control, whilst others use the mobile app to queue songs. Sounds amazing right? It truly is. Except the app is prone to crashing, yet it's so convenient and allows the shy cookies to pick songs!spanService wasn't great and the washrooms are so dirty, minus one star.. I hate when they don't refill soap. The previous time I was here, it was the same...spanCheapest beer was $4.50 or so, ex. Coors Light. Song list was pretty good! Lots of cheesy music videos but Just the Way You Are and Call Me Maybe were real. Plenty of English songs yet The Killers are not on there :(spanAt the end of the night when they kicked us out, they played this loud annoying and ear-piercing country song. As if we're too slow or something...spanNonetheless, thank you all for such a good night!!!!!!!!! Here are some favorite moments:span- Bobby and my duet of All the Small Thingsspan- Evelyn and Kris's Barbie song was so much fun, dancing and acting includedspan- Kris, wow, your voice is amazing! Everyone was quiet so we could all hear it. You are sooooooooooo talented!!span- Thank you Elaine for taking photos :)!!span- Wannabe by Laura and Bobby, haha Bobby you were great in that song ;)span- Wonderfully by ""The British Gang""span- Everyone sang Living in a Prayer together, that was awesome!!span- Greatest Love of All, sung beautifully by Elaine, Sara, and Laura.spanHope we do this again!"

Chris P.,12/7/2014,"Barrie, Canada",5,"We had a blast at this place. We have never done karaoke in Toronto before, so we have nothing to compare our experience with, but the service was great and the facility was really nice. We were almost an hour late for our reservation, and the staff had no issue with us being late, and they didn't even charge us for the time that we had booked for. They only made us pay for the time we were there. It was a great experience and we will definitely head back there again!"

Melissa F.,3/2/2013,"Vancouver, Canada",5,"If you were to do room Karaoke downtown I don't know why you would go anywhere elsespan-Rooms are cheap, accommodates small and large groups (i've been here several times in groups from 3-15+ and I have never had a problem getting a room)span-Drinks are cheapspan-Food is obviously from the freezer section of a grocery store but you shouldn't care too much when you can just bring your own food in.span-It is perfectly located in the dingy entertainment strip of Yonge where there are a million other options to source food/drink prior, before or after.spanProTip: There is a free app where you can queue your favourite songs.spanGood selection of English and nonenglish songs- relatively easy setup/controller etc.spanThis is an excellent option if you want a nice clean night out."

Bobby N.,1/14/2013,"Toronto, Canada",4,"Being a big fan of Karoke bars I can not believe it has taken me so long to getting to visit one here in Toronto. spanThanks to Laura C for choosing this place.spanLocated in an easy access spot just north of Yonge and Dundas opposite the Zanzibar you might mistake this place from the outside to be some what sketchy but trust me inside it is a real sweet deal. spanThe bar area is spacious although it is not meant for lounging, and there are a decent number of rooms of different sizes.spanWe had one of the bigger rooms which was just fine and the innovative highlight would be the Bar + app used to select the songs. Although I think the app itself can be improved to include easier ways of browsing through artists and songs.spanPrevious reviews say the drinks are cheap but they were the same as any other bar/club. From my experience a karaoke bar should offer drink packages.  spanBottle and mixers, bucket of buds etc..spanAnyway had a fantastic time here and look forward to going again soon."

Mark H.,10/17/2013,"Ajax, Canada",4,"I know a night is going well when it ends up here.  Getting a bunch of friends together to sing like fools makes for a great time.  Having your own room brings out the best in people that would normally not take the stage.  spanThe rooms are large, very comfortable and set up to engage.  The music selection is huge (although there were some songs that we were surprised not to find).  The best compliment I can give, is that I woke up without a voice."

Jenny T.,2/5/2010,"Toronto, Canada",4,"This is a very nice place to do karaoke and get drunk in private rooms with your friends.  I can't believe that no one has reviewed it yet!  spanYou have to pay for a room, which I think is usually around $200. They have hourly rates: spanbar-plus.comspan  They have 3 sized rooms: from small to large.spanThe drinks are pretty expensive for a karaoke place but the decor is nicer than all the other places I've seen.  Their selections for songs are huge and they have Chinese, Korean and English... And probably other languages too.spanThis place is great for group events and birthdays!  I've been to many birthdays here."

Elle R.,9/22/2015,"Downtown Core, Toronto, Canada",3,"I had a nice time here karaoking  when I came last weekend w the bf and his coworkers. It's the type where you rent a room and you karaoke in front of whomever you came with. It is fun, but I'm more a fan of karaoking in front of strangers, since I figure you can go big or go home and not worry about seeing them again. They have pretty good selection for drinks at reasonable pricing. The song list is current and has a great selection of modern songs and ""oldie but goodies"". When choosing to come to this style of karaoke again id for sure come here!"

Jesse F.,6/8/2013,"Toronto, Canada",4,"Came here after a massiv jam session on a boat.spanI was expecting more communal karaoke, but this place is all private rooms - kinda like a high end strip club... I assume.spanNeedless to say they had a whole heck of a lot of songs. I struggled a touch to figure out how to make the system work - but remember, I just had just come from another partay.spanThat being said, we wailed. Hard. spanDrinks were cheap and we jammed 8-10 people in one room. At the end of the night our bill was only like 60 bones. And we were there a solid couple hours.spanAll in all, great place, nice decor, approaching fancy even. Combine that with reasonable prices and high fives all around.spanExcept you only get a 4. Because I'm more a fan of public karaoke as opposed to private room. spanBut if private karaoke's your jam, this place is definitely your peanut butter."

Mary C.,11/9/2013,"Richmond Hill, Canada",4,"Went to Bar + for the first time on a Friday night with a reservation for a Medium sized room and was pleasantly surprised at how clean the place was and how large the rooms were being in the downtown core. spanLocated near Eaton Centre (and just a short walk away from the Green P at Dundas Square) it becomes a great option to end off a night downtown or for those in the area. However, its not that easy to find since its located on the 2nd floor up a set of stairs so keep your eyes peeled for the small entrance.spanOtherwise, their karaoke system is standard with a fairly good selection and seems newer than many of the uptown options (yet the song sorting order seemed quite strange). Beware their room rates are charged by the hour (which might be why they took their time with service at the end of the night) whereas many other karaoke places simply have a room minimum."

Amy K.,3/18/2013,"Calgary, Canada",4,"This place is a lot of fun for karaoke. Go with a Korean friend though, as it makes communication with the staff easier, plus you get to belt out kpop songs. Food is okay here, nothing special, just cheap snacks like instant noodles. I'll be back because it's well priced and clean. Also there's some good rap/hip hop songs. :-)"

Mel C.,3/25/2013,"Scarborough, Canada",4,"My boyfriend suggested singing Karaoke as a date. I was hesitant at first even though I love singing because I didn't think it'll be fun with two people (I usually go in a large group). However, I had a blast! We got a small room which was $25/hr which is alright (I would be happier if it's $20/hr like some of the karaoke place around Bathurst and Bloor). The room was clean and the song selection was incredible. I can't wait to come back for another round of karaoke AND to hear my boy hitting those high pitch notes!"

Jannies L.,3/30/2011,"Mississauga, Canada",2,"I came here with my twin sister 2 years ago for our 23rd birthday, and we had Korean Grill house across the street before coming over YUM.spanThe rate was $50/hour for our room which was suppose to fit 10-20 people. We had about 12 all together. My sister didn't enjoy her birthday at all because she became ""literally"" dehydrated from the heat in that room. I asked the very nice people if they can do anything about it and they said because we had too many people in the room?!?!? We had only the minimum amount and none of my friends are big in size and takes up more air then one person should. So while trying to make my sister comfortable (she eventually left early because she was going to throw up :( and we had tried giving her water and it didn't work) We ended up paying almost $200 for 2 1/2 hours during which I sang 2 songs at most. Pictures from that night have all of us sweating :sspanShots were also pretty expensive for a non bar.spanThe songs were more current then other places I've been which is definitely a big plus."

Lisa S.,10/1/2015,"Vaughan, Canada",4,The staff is very prompt and friendly.  The music selection is pretty huge.  Decent prices on drinks and  can bring your own food :) I came here for the first time for my friends birthday... won't be my last.

Laura C T.,8/1/2012,"Toronto, Canada",4,"So lately I've been frequenting the happy hours in Chinatown with my karaoke buddies, but this time came here with my friends for a birthday. spanThe place is great. Nicely decorated and sleek. There's a full bar, and not sketchy at all that they have a great wine selection. spanTheir room rates are higher than happy hours at other places (like $8 for 4 hours) but still reasonable for a night out. span1-5 ppl $25span6-15 ppl $40span16-25 ppl $50spanIt's still about $5 a person, and I think $20 for the night (average) is not too shabby. spanI think the best deal was tonight, when we had a huge room with two tvs, and at least 25+ people. If everyone chips in that's just $2 a person. spanThe song selection is amazing. You have all your recent asian hits and tons of Western / English songs (unlike other places where that is limited). So many classics and obscure (by typical asian standards)  that are usually missing like Queen, and Belinda Carlisle Heaven is a Place on Earth. Even had Gotye and Fun We are Youngs real video. spanThey have a remote control system but the selection screen is so tiny I could barely see it. No one in the group was really using the remote, or knew how - but they also had books around so you can punch in the number. but the BEST WAY is to DOWNLOAD THEIR APP. spanThis is ingenius. Available for free in iTunes, you can select all your songs (there, or before hand), by name or by artist (chinese input works too!) When you're in the room, ask for the room login code. Once connected, you press ""add to queue"" and YOUR SONG will automatically (and magically) end up at the bottom of the list. This is awesome. spanNow the challenge is to get my friends to come here instead of Echo and pay a few more dollars. When are we coming back!?"

David C.,11/6/2013,"Toronto, Canada",4,"I have had many a good time at this sleek karaoke lounge upstairs off Yonge. It is what I consider to be the high class way to let down your inhibitions and belt out that secret top40 hit you've been hiding your interest in for x amount of years (ie. privately tucked away in one of the ""soundproof?"" rooms this venue offers its lyric loving patrons). spanYou arrive in the lounge area and are greeted by the staff at the bar where you may book a room for 1-10? people. I believe the rate is $40/h which is quite reasonable, but ensure you are keeping track of the time as they will not do this for you (and this goes for those who may have had a couple//several more specialty shots than they intended). On that note the alcohol is priced moderately mod-high, specialty shots are delicious but will set you back $6-7 a pop. spanThe rooms themselves are nicely dimmed, have comfortable sleek seating and of course a nice screen to view all those lyrics (which of course you already know by heart). The microphone system sometimes can be annoying to adjust and the last time i went it sporadically did this awkward feedback thing. spanAll in all there's not much more to be said here. It's a wonderful concept that is accessible and hits all the major qualifying points to be a successful night of shameless (yet still classy) fun. So the next time if your in the mood for drinks and a merry song, (and don't feel like entertaining a crowd of snarling bearded men) I'd suggest splitting a cheap pitcher at a local bar and then hitting this place up to save a couple valuable bucks."

Sarah P.,3/1/2012,"Austin, TX",4,"Oh mang. I hold Bar + solely responsible for one amazing, amazingly sloppy night on Family Day Eve. spanGot a coupon for this place because my friends were always talking about doing karaoke. The private room set-up is awesome. Allows for uninhibited belting of horrible ballads. The prices are decent. We had some pre-Karaoke drinks and then got a bottle ($100) and some beers, and for about eight people, that was more than enough to give us the liquid courage to sing some real doozies such as, ""Black Dog"", ""Love Hurts"", ""Bad Medicine"", ""Final Countdown"", ""If You're Lookin' at Me, You're Lookin' at Country"", and a group rendition of ""Bohemian Rhapsody"" (a karaoke must) that would have brought a tear to my eye if I was sober enough to know what was happening. spanIn total, with our $50 off coupon, our tab for 2 hours of karaoke was around $30 (not including the bottle service, which was paid separately). Really not bad at all split amongst so many, and wouldn't be bad even at full price ($40/hr for our medium sized room).spanThe room was well appointed with three large black leather couches, a huge coffee table and flat-screen TV/Karaoke machine. The staff checked in on us regularly (but not TOO often), but we did get booted after a couple hours (they'll ask you how long you plan to stay when you reserve. If you've never been, add an extra half hour at least because you will unexpectedly have a blast, unless you are the biggest stick in the mud ever).spanComplaints? The sound on the mic is loud but the backing music could be pretty low at times, which meant the voices were the focus. Maybe good if you're Adele. Not so much if you're me. A few songs didn't work, and not ALL had the cheesy Korean vids accompanying them, but I guess I can forgive that. spanExtremely fun, extremely memorable night for all in attendance. Unfortunately for the staff and other patrons, we'll for sure be back."

Tara Z.,2/10/2013,"Toronto, Canada",4,"How awesome is it to have a karaoke place that takes reservations?  (This is a rhetorical question.  It is totally awesome.)  We showed up at midnight and didn't have to wait at all because my friend had had the bright idea to reserve a room.  Service was awesome, drinks came quickly, and though we didn't take advantage of the food menu, it was great to have the option.  spanThe song selection is very thorough, though badly organized.  The bulk of the songs are listed in alpha order, either by title or artist, but all the newest songs were in a section at the back sorted by date added and there was a mysterious section at the front called ""Missing songs"" with another couple of hundred songs.  I think the smartphone app lets you search for the songs you want, though--if we weren't so drunk maybe we could have made that happen.  It probably would have been a good idea for entering the songs, too--I kept hitting ""restart"" accidentally when trying to put in new songs.  Oops.  I blame the mango soju (which, by the way, is also totally awesome)."

Diraj S.,9/29/2012,"Toronto, Canada",3,"Vegas Big rooms ...you'll have an amazing evening! spanYou can take your best 10,000 friends and have a blast.  Talking about blasts, the sound system is awsome and you're inner ear will beg for vacation after this. There was a kick-butt selection of tunes which made for an interesting evening of classics and some new stuff too. Staff was responsive and timely when we had questions like , where's the mike?"

Lauren M.,6/14/2011,"Houston, TX",5,"This is the best karaoke place in Toronto and I have been to most of them!spanA ten person room will cost you $40 an hour. The rooms are larger than usual and there is ample ""stage"" space at the front. Our room had 3 x 3 seater couches plus a few extra cushioned chairs if you are squeezing people in. spanThe sound system was awesome, very loud, my ears were still ringing the next day. Great song selection too with new hits added monthly and listed at the back. spanWhat I love the most about these Asian karaoke places is the ridiculous video footage that accompanies many of the songs. I love watching Asian girls riding horses or 80s couples making out in a swimming pool whilst I'm belting out all my favourite tracks. spanThe front of house/bar staff were super attentive and were quick to bring rounds of shots into the room. The main reception area and bathrooms were both tastefully decorated. spanYou can sometimes here the room next door singing songs through the wall, but this is good really because it gives you song ideas of your own. (We totally stole Bohemian Rhapsody after hearing the room next to us singing it!)"

Grace T.,4/25/2014,"Mississauga, Canada",3,"I've been here numerous times, so it's not a bad place. Pricing is very cheap (especially if you don't buy any food), song selection is great (now that I've had other karaoke places to compare it to, the selection here is AMAZING). I don't know how to use the machine at all, but that's okay because I had an experienced friend who did all the controls for us. They also allowed us to bring in outside food like bubble tea.spanMy biggest issue with the place was time. I called ahead the night before to book a room for 5pm on a Thursday, which is their opening time. We got there at 4:50, they weren't open. That's fine. We went to get bubble tea and came back at 5:05. They still weren't open. I tried calling them, nobody picked up. Finally the owner (?) comes at 5:15 and lets us in, and then tells us to wait even more while he goes to set the room up. This might be understandable if we were just walk-ins, but we had a reservation and making us wait so long is not acceptable.spanAnother problem is that their website doesn't list Friday and Saturday evenings as 19+ only, which threw a huge wrench in our event planning.spanIf you're only looking for karaoke and not food+drinks, this is the place to go. It charges by the hour, so you're not saddled with a $40 fee/person after the night."

Jen C.,4/8/2011,"Toronto, Canada",4,"I think the walls need a little more sound-proofing between rooms, but other than that, this is an ideal karaoke box. Rooms are spacious, food is adequate, and the song list is expansive. Staff were helpful when making my reservation and prompt when we called for service.spanSolid. Gold!"

Vivek S.,9/16/2010,"Oakland, CA",5,"We've had some good times at Bar Plus.  Like the time we were asked to leave because we snuck in our own bottle of Grey Goose and got caught turning our doubles into triples.  Or the time Brian K. took the microphone from our private room, ran to the stairwell and started singing Wonderwall like it would cure world hunger.  On more than one occasion I have woken up with two thoughts 1) ouch, and 2) I think I forgot to close my tab at Karaoke last night.  spanBar Plus has private rooms, rented hourly, in three different sizes for all of your Karaoke needs. The accommodations are swanky the staff is always on point. Even when they confiscated my vodka, they gave it back to me at the end of the night. How sweet.spanObligatory Title Pun: This BAR is double-PLUS good!spanMenu Readability: They provide phone-book-thick song lists, sorted by artist and song title. In English and Korean.spanNeed to mention: You often have to call Wednesday to secure a booking for Friday night. As Wayne C. said, book ahead.spanWhat this place teaches me about myself: That I cannot sing."

Ivan N.,2/22/2014,"Toronto, Canada",4,"The Story;spanAt the start of last week, I called up bar+ to reserve a small room for Friday, only to be told that they didn't take reservations for the small rooms during the weekends. I was told that it was first come first serve for the small rooms, but that I should be good for the time I tried reserving for. They offered for me to call them up to see if there's space before heading on over. Overall, it was a helpful and informative phone call at 1:00 in the morning - kudos to whomever handles their phone line!spanCome Friday afternoon, I walk in with 5 other friends. It was relatively empty, even though many universities are in Reading Week  at this time. We asked to squeeze into a small room - which the sign either recommended or enforced 1-5 people. Either way, we were put into the room no problems.spanThe room was clean. There was a small coffee table of sorts, two sofas with three cushions each, an LCD TV and some space in the front that gives ample room to walk in and out - even enough space for me to dance (or rather - flail my arms and legs wildly both on the ground and standing up)!  They gave us cute little covers for the microphones that made things seem super sanitary. Unfortunately nobody explained what exactly they were so we went without using them for about half our time there. The books themselves showed a bit of age, but wasn't particularly messy or stained.spanThe sound quality in the room was sadly a bit poor. There were some really great singers in the small room next to us, but when a few of my companions were able to sing along to their selections, it might be a telling sign that the noise bleeds through the rooms. Though I understand why it would be hard and expensive to reduce the bleeding, it makes some people a bit more timid to take the mic. I may even have held back my throaty, deep death metal voice if the place was full!spanWe were given two books - one sorted by artist/band name, the other by song name. Towards the back were new song additions from the past half year or so.  spanThe staff member who brought us to the room gave us rudimentary commands of inputting a number to choose a song, but left us to fend for ourselves afterwards. Things got very chaotic when we were changing language settings with the remote and were completely at a loss as to why Japanese songs were playing instead of the ones we picked! This would probably have been a time where we'd have to track down someone working here and ask them to teach us more about how to work the remote, but fortunately: there's a Bar+ App!spanThe Bar+ App really made things simple for us. You just search for the name of the song or artist (select the tab below) and choose from the list and hit ""queue up"". Great for when we didn't remember the full name of the song or how to spell the artist name. The only thing we used the remote for was to control the volume and to skip any songs we didn't want to sing about. Totally easy with the app, sounds somewhat tedious without it.spanOne major detriment to this establishment would be that the songs are inconsistent. What I mean is that there are ""KTV"" songs, ""English"" songs and ""MTV"" songs. We weren't explained what any of these mean, but quickly found that some songs had the official music video and music, some of the songs had no music video at all - with just the lyrics, and some were instrumental/dance cover songs. Some songs had no lyrics at all while the video played, others had lyrics without the words being highlighted and others were 'normal' karaoke versions. All the songs we saw were censored, and there were no score at the end.spanWe didn't order any food or drinks this time around, as we had just came from lunch. I don't remember seeing or being given a menu, but browsing online gives me vibes of standard, somewhat pricy karaoke food and drinks that are premade or prepacked. Hopefully I'm wrong for the next time I visit!spanAfter an hour and a half of absolute fun, a bit of chaos in good and bad ways and some great company, we left with a bill that totaled up to around $7.00 per person. I'd consider that a steal for the fun we all had.spanReview Rundown:span+ Clean and spacious room, with clean walls, sofa and tables, as well as some disposable covers for the microphones! This alone puts it ahead of many other karaoke institutions in Toronto.span+ VAST song choices.span+ Friendly staff, great on the phone.span~ ""organized"" books are somewhat haphazard with alphabetical ordering towards the front whilst ""new additions"" at the back. Getting the Bar+ smartphone app totally alleviates this issue and makes things much easier.span~ Somewhat disorienting for first time karaoke patrons - the remote system wasn't explained very well.span- The rooms bled noise relatively easily: could dissuade people from singing.span- The menu seemed like generic frozen/premade bar/karaoke fare.spanThe Rating:span4/5 - if you have the bar+ app (it's free to download!)span3.5/5 - if you're stuck with the remote and boo"

WaYnE c.,8/8/2010,"Vaughan, Canada",4,"As a Suburban Yelper which frequent Karaokes up NORTH predominantly, this experience at Bar+ has really opened my eyes to what I have been missing out.  The entrance is this tiny doorway next to Swiss Chalet that leads you to the second floor where a nice lobby is present for your waiting pleasure for your friends.spanThe staff here are pretty accomodating and friendly as our GROUP probably asked them for a bigger room more than 5+ times from each individual Yelper, and they still didn't get pissed off.  The space is pretty decent to look at.  They provide BOOKS here which I've noticed some places have gone-away from, however it was either Korean or English.  For other languages you'll have to select from the song system which is standard and pretty  user friendly.spanThe one thing that surprised me MOST was that unlike the Karaokes up north where it's mostly Chinese customers, here the English Soundtracks actually have the right beats, timing and tones which makes singing more of a pleasure than an attempt to break glass.spanThe pricing STRUCTURE is pretty good too as there is an option of just paying for Room Rental so you can purchase drinks/snacks as an aside rather than being included in the all night fee at other places.  I might be wrong, but if you're not a drink/snack consumer here you might have a lower bill in comparison.spanThe songs here are AMAZINGLY up-to-date as I look through the book and notice there was a couple pages dated with JULY 2010.  I guess it's only surprising to me because I don't really do the Karaoke scene and secondly I do the Chinese songs up north mostly which only update Chinese songs and the songs aren't even that recent.spanWhen I left around 12:30am, a bunch of young ones where at the doorway probably waiting for the NEXT available room.  BOOK AHEAD!"

Graeham M.,12/11/2010,"Toronto, Canada",4,"Bar Plus is fantastic, if its karaoke in the grand ole tradition that karaoke is supposed to be enjoyed in than bar Plus is a must. With super friendly staff and unmatched cleanliness, not to mention a surprisingly thorough catalogues which can be searched by either artist or title, you will never run out of viable selections to belt out. spanWhether its ""Africa,"" by Toto, not the sub par remix by Karl Wolf Def Leppard ballad Bar Plus has you covered. spanThey also offer rooms varying in size from 4-30, so whether its an intimate setting you seek to torture your vocal chords or a larger setting more suited to intoxicated grand standing its Bar Plus!"

Avitania B.,8/7/2010,"Seattle, WA",5,"Bar Plus has everything I want in a karaoke joint: nice rooms, a HUGE song selection, easy to use song selection UI, friendly service, reasonable prices, decent bar, and sleek decor. Location is convenient, too. Don't forget to make reservations, though -- rooms fill up pretty quickly."

Karen L.,11/9/2013,"Toronto, Canada",4,"Pros: Good song lists, great rooms (when you can get them), at a reasonable price in a central location.spanCons: Impossible to get reservations (Call or e-mail AT LEAST three-four weeks in advance for a medium or large room!) and watered down drinks.spanI've been to Bar+ a couple of times when someone else has made a reservation. Great fun, ok liquor prices, helpful staff. Best of all is the location since it's so central.spanThe song lists are pretty good for English songs. The karaoke system is fairly easy to operate. Alcohol prices and hourly rates are fair. However, my friends suspect that the drinks are watered down.spanThe rooms are clean, even though the couches are showing their age (it hurt more to sit on the couch as opposed to the arm of the couch!)spanI would give Bar+ five stars except the whole reservation system is a bit inefficient and the watered down drinks."

Thomas M.,1/6/2012,"Toronto, Canada",3,"Went here again and I hate the fact that the rooms aren't really sound isolated to the point where you could easily hear from the outside. Its great to get drunk and sing but its bad enough to hear others sing and complain about it. spanAlso the karaoke machine in the room that we've been using has a mediocre sound quality to it as some songs increase the volume and sound terrible, prompting the idiotic manager/bartender to allegedly claim that we ""touched"" his precious setup. spanFor the song selection, its huge but there are songs that I really wanted to sing that isn't in their ""catalogue"" and half of the song selections are pretty terrible. spanFor a karaoke bar, they should really invest in better room with sound isolation and more staff.."

April B.,3/6/2010,"Winnipeg, Canada",5,"I love this place! After our graduation ceremony, a small group of us drunkenly walked into this place on a Monday night. The guys working were really friendly and the price split between the 6 of us was extremely reasonable for the 2-3 hours we spent there. spanOther then that, I agree with everything Jenny T. mentioned about this place. Vast music selection, excellent equipment and expensive drinks (it's a good thing most of us were already hammered going in)."

Tamar F.,8/28/2010,"Los Angeles, CA",4,"I can't sing to save my life.  Actually, I put people's lives in danger when I sing.  But that's why private karaoke rooms are fabulous.  Because when I sing only in front of friends at least they'll love me despite my inability to carry a tune.spanThe rooms here are a tad pricy but are well furnished and quite large.  We had the medium room which was $40/hour.  Drinks were okay priced and you can bring any food you'd like in with you (and there's a Swiss Chalet downstairs if you sing better while eating rotisserie chicken).spanThe song catalog was tremendous.  Not only did they have the karaoke standards, but they also had lots of really new songs.  Want some Mylie Cyrus?  Some Taylor Swift?  Want to belt out Ke$ha?  You can at Bar Plus!  Ironically, of course.  They also had some semi-awkward show tunes, songs made recently popular thanks to Glee, and random Disney ones.  And I know this because my group's karaoke repertoire was quite random.  The music videos ranged from poorly copied original videos (we got to watch the real ""Spice Up Your Life"") to some really awkward low-cost shots (Rent's ""Seasons of Love"" featured 5 minutes of a hobo walking around a city looking sad).  spanOne thing I noticed was that they don't keep track of time for you, so if you really want to have a certain number of hours, then make sure to time yourself.  Another group was having trouble because they overstayed their hour or two that they planned to be there for.spanOverall, great place.  Nice upgrade from XO karaoke and the song list is phenomenal (and gets updated monthly!)"

Sapna G.,5/5/2010,"Calgary, Canada",4,"The gang went out karaokeing Saturday night and we came across Bar + Karaoke on Yonge street, right above the Swiss Chalet.spanThis place has a bar when you first walk in and a lounging area, and then there are a dozen or so rooms that people can book and have a karaokeing party. spanThere were 7 of us so we booked a medium room.spanThe rooms are VERY nice. I haven't seen a lot of super clean karaoke joints - a lot of them have been seriously shady, but this one was pristine! Their equipment was excellent, and they even had an electric fireplace in the room! They also had a 'service button' that you could push at anytime in case you needed anything.spanYou can order food and drinks and they'll bring them right to your room.spanThe prices for small and medium rooms are as follow:spanSmall room (up to 5 ppl) - $25/hourspanMedium room (6-10 ppl) - $40/hourspanIt was a super fun night and it didn't cost us too too much.spanA super cool place to spend the weekend singing your heart out :)"

Corey D.,6/6/2012,"Madison, WI",4,"Take an enormous... enormous group and put them in an enormous... enormous room, add two microphones, some alcohol, classic tunes and you're bound to have an amazing evening! spanOn day two of my T.O. vacation I wound up at this little downtown gem of a karaoke bar with my hosts and about 5000 of their friends. Ok, maybe not 5000, but 15 for sure. It was a blast! The room was off in the corner of the place so it felt like we almost had the entire place to ourselves. There was a kick-butt selection of tunes which made for an interesting evening of classics and some new stuff too. Employees were responsive and timely when we had questions and all in all it was a swell night. spanThe place as a whole is in need of a little TLC, just small updates here and there, nothing major. But you're not there for the atmosphere, right? Once the lights dim and the music starts, it's all about the tunes."

Jacky I.,3/23/2013,"Toronto, Canada",4,Conveniently located downtown. Typical karaoke place but the coolest part is they have an iPhone app that you can queue songs from. Just ask them for the key to punch into the app.

A H.,6/7/2013,"Toronto, Canada",5,"Best karaoke downtown! They added all the suggestions that I emailed to them. Clean rooms, decent prices, and great location."

Onyee L.,10/1/2011,"Toronto, Canada",3,"I came here with a small group of friends. The atmosphere of the place is great, definitely one of the nicest karaoke places I've gone to. However, they didn't have that many song choices as other places and many of the songs weren't actual MTV videos. But the price was very reasonable for a Friday night."

